Added example to README.md on using non-simulated controller (#2)
aliaro-ab/aliaro-accessory-board-python-support: README.md

# Disconnect all channels
board.disconnect_all_channels()
```
### Example 3: Switching from Simulated to I2C-Controller

> This example showcases Example 2, but showcases using the I2CDriverBoardController

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example is similar to Example 2, but demonstrates using the `I2CDriverBoardController` instead of the `SimulatedBoardController`.
```

instead of the simulated controller.

```python
from aliaroaccessoryboards import AccessoryBoard, BoardConfig, I2CDriverBoardController
import i2cdriver

# Create a configuration for the board
board_config = BoardConfig.from_device_name('32ch_instrumentation_switch')

# Initialize i2cdriver instance to connected USB port
driver = i2cdriver.I2CDriver("COM5")

# Pick a starting address for your I2C bus to target

> target_i2c_address = 0

Reviewer: We should use something like `8` for the example I2C address, which I would expect to be the first valid value.

# Initialize the AccessoryBoard instance 
board = AccessoryBoard(board_config, I2CDriverBoardController(driver, target_i2c_address, board_config))

# Connect specific channels
board.connect_channels("DUT_CH01", "BUS_POS")
board.connect_channels("DUT_CH02", "BUS_POS")

> board.print_connections()  # Print updated connections

Reviewer: Apply consistent comment formatting here (comment on new line above code block).

Reviewer: The comment is still inline on this chunk.

```
### Example 3: Switching from Simulated to I2C-Controller

> his example is similar to Example 2, 

Reviewer: I think a `T` got lopped off here.
